# Attackers can cause DoS on withdrawal of a specific NFT
## Impact
Attackers can monitor the txpool, front-run based on MEV, and perform DoS on a withdrawal operation of a specific NFT user.  

## Proof of Concept
Since anyone can deposit for an NFT, regardless of whether they are the owner of the NFT.  
However, the contract specifies that deposit and withdrawal operations for an NFT cannot occur in the same block.  
github:[https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-04-dyad/blob/4a987e536576139793a1c04690336d06c93fca90/src/core/VaultManagerV2.sol#L143](https://github.com/code-423n4/2024-04-dyad/blob/4a987e536576139793a1c04690336d06c93fca90/src/core/VaultManagerV2.sol#L143)
```solidity
    if (idToBlockOfLastDeposit[id] == block.number)
        revert DepositedInSameBlock();
```
There is no limit on the amount of deposit, which means the attacker only needs to spend gas to perform a DoS attack on the target NFT.  

POC:  
1. Alice mints an NFT and deposits 100 WETH into VaultManager.  
2. Now Alice wants to withdraw some WETH.   
3. Bob, a malicious attacker, monitors Alice's withdraw transaction in the txpool, performs transaction front-running, and executes one or more (to increase success rate) deposit transactions with parameters being Alice's NFT id, a randomly chosen vault address, amount=0, before Alice's transaction is included.  
4. Since Bob's transaction gets included in the mempool ahead of Alice's, Alice's transaction might revert.  

## Tools Used
Manual audit  

## Recommended Mitigation Steps
1. Control that only the owner of the NFT can perform deposit operations.
```solidity
function deposit(
uint id,
address vault,
uint amount
) external isDNftOwner(id) {
```
2. Set a minimum deposit amount to increase the cost of attacks.